README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project!!

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

### 🛠 Dev Setup

This repo ships with a `.devcontainer` folder for a consistent Node.js 20 environment. The container automatically runs `npm install` on creation and forwards port **5173** for the Vite dev server.

If Codespaces or Codex fails to start, open the Command Palette and choose **"Codespaces: Rebuild Container"**. Logs from the build will appear in the terminal if something goes wrong.

The setup also recommends installing the `dbaeumer.vscode-eslint` extension so linting works out of the box.

### Automated console‑error capture

Scrape browser console messages (errors, warnings, logs) via a headless Chromium.  Note the app now runs on port **8080**, bound to all interfaces for scriptable access:

```bash
# install Puppeteer (if you haven’t already)
npm install --save-dev puppeteer

# 1) start Vite in one pane (defaults to port 8080, but may fall back if occupied)
npm run dev        # e.g. http://localhost:8080 or http://localhost:8081

# 2) in a second pane, set VITE_PORT to your actual port and capture console logs:
VITE_PORT=8081 npm run collect-logs
```

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)

Commit message:

Complete migration from Vite + React Router to Next.js
- Remove all Vite-specific files and dependencies
- Migrate from React Router to Next.js app router
- Create framework-agnostic product form components
- Update all navigation to use Next.js routing conventions
- Restructure product management under /admin/products routes
- Add new product form components in app/components/admin/products/
- Update package.json and documentation for Next.js
- Successfully build and verify all routes work correctly

This completes the full migration to Next.js with clean, maintainable code structure.

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project!!

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

### 🛠 Dev Setup

This repo ships with a `.devcontainer` folder for a consistent Node.js 20 environment. The container automatically runs `npm install` on creation and is configured for Next.js development.

If Codespaces or Codex fails to start, open the Command Palette and choose **"Codespaces: Rebuild Container"**. Logs from the build will appear in the terminal if something goes wrong.

The setup also recommends installing the `dbaeumer.vscode-eslint` extension so linting works out of the box.

### Automated console‑error capture

Scrape browser console messages (errors, warnings, logs) via a headless Chromium.  Note the app now runs with Next.js (typically on port 3000):

```bash
# install Puppeteer (if you haven’t already)
npm install --save-dev puppeteer

# 1) start Next.js in one pane (defaults to port 3000)
npm run dev        # e.g. http://localhost:3000

# 2) in a second pane, capture console logs:
npm run collect-logs
```

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/c49a8c44-9196-466a-8929-d139ab77ca8e) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/tips-tricks/custom-domain#step-by-step-guide)
